Yo, what a big breath.
1 billion so awesome
Why don't you buy the whole building?
Well, that's a good point.
Then the real estate is all-inclusive.
Credit.
Brother Kanazawa, you must not go to the head
They are kissing you on purpose
I know you have more than enough money to buy a villa
But all these properties
That's an astronomical figure.
You have to calm down!
Don't worry.
Ouch, some people.
It's so big here
Open your mouth and buy the entire real estate
I'd like to see what you buy today.
Hey miss stone
Hurry up and do the math for this gentleman
How much is it going to cost today?
Our villa
All types taken together are estimated to be 10 billion
You wage earner
I advise you
You'd better save it
Otherwise, it will be embarrassing for a while
And 10 billion
He's pretty good with 500 bucks on him
That's ridiculous.
Boy, stop pretending
Kneel down and apologize now
Give me your woman to play with
I think it's you who should lose money.
10 billion how much money I thought I had
Hurry up and swipe the card and let him swipe
I'd like to see how much money he can make
insufficient balance